( phone rings)
( hoarsely): Hello.
( coughs)
I love my new job!
Honey. you're screaming.
You bet your ass I am!
I just had the
best first day ever.
The kitchen? Twice
as big as Allesandro's.
Oh. that's great.
Yeah. and clean?
Not just Health
Department clean.
Monica clean!
Awesome.
Oh. and the people are so nice.
There's this one
guy... Jeffrey...
He's the maitre d'.
Chandler. you will love him.
He is. without a doubt. the
funniest guy I have ever met.
♪ So no one told you life
was gonna be this way ♪
♪ Your job's a
joke. you're broke ♪
♪ Your love life's D.O.A. ♪
♪ It's like you're always
stuck in second gear ♪
♪ When it hasn't been
your day. your week ♪
♪ Your month. or
even your year ♪
♪ But I'll be there for you ♪
♪ When the rain starts to pour ♪
♪ I'll be there for you ♪
♪ Like I've been there before ♪
♪ 'Cause you're
there for me. too. ♪
This is nice.
I know.
You need both hands for that?
Yeah. I kind of do.
Well. how's this?
Yeah?
Are you sure that's
sweet enough?
Well. look at you
two. holding hands.
Huh? Is this getting serious?
( both stammering)
Have you not
talked about it yet?
Am I making you uncomfortable?!
If you were bigger.
you'd hit me. huh?
Huh?
I'm sorry. So sorry.
It's obviously way too early
for us to be having
that conversation.
Is it?
Maybe not. Is it?
Okay.
When I got divorced. I-I
didn't think I'd feel this way
about someone for
a really long time.
Mm-hmm. Then again. I didn't
think I'd meet someone like you
and... this may be crazy soon.
but I want you to have this.
No. not... that's gum.
Oh. five bucks!
I love it when that
happens. you know?
It's like you don't
know it's there...
I know. Mike. Why
don't you keep digging?
Oh. sorry.
Oh. it's a key.
To be honest. I think
I'd prefer the five dollars.
It's to my apartment.
Oh. wow. Ooh.
Big step for Phoebe and Mike.
Yeah. look. and I don't
want you to feel like
you have to give me
your key just because...
Oh. no. I want to.
Oh. thank God.
Yeah. Ooh. Wow.
I was starting to think
I'd never meet someone
that. you know. I
wanted to... do this with.
Here you go.
This is cool. huh?
It really is.
Oh. I know it.
It is amazing.
These little things open doors.
So. I don't go back to
work for another four weeks.
but we would like our
nanny to start right away
so that Emma could
get a chance to know her.
I think that's really smart.
The easier we can
make the transition
for her. the better.
That's great. Great.
So do you have
any questions for us?
Not really. All right.
Well. thank you so
much for coming.
Thank you.
Really nice to meet you.
and we will call you.
Oh. you know. wait.
I do have one question.
Do you guys do
random drug testing?
Boy. we. uh...
hadn't really thought of that.
That's cool.
But. if you do.
I'm gonna need
three days' notice.
Okeydokey!
Wow. We're never
going to find a nanny.
Oh. come on. Rach.
We will. I promise.
We have more interviews.
Oh...
And. worse comes to worst.
we can always reconsider
the first one we met with.
What. the blonde with no bra?!
She was blond?
( knocking on door)
Just a sec!
Okay. okay.
This one's name is Sandy.
Okay. She's got a degree
in Early Childhood Education.
Uh. she worked
for her last family
for three years.
Okay.
Hi. I'm Sandy.
And she's a little mannish.
( knocking on door)
( gasps)
Oh. my God! David!
Hi. I-Is this a bad time?
No. it's a great time. Come in!
Wow! Hi!
Oh. my gosh!
What are you doing here?
Are you back from Minsk?
Well. just for a couple of days.
I'm here to explain
to the people who
gave us our grant
why it's a positive thing that
we've spent all their money
and. uh... uh.
accomplished. uh. nothing.
Who cares? It got you here!
Well. it got me to
New York. anyway.
and then I got in
a cab at the airport.
and the guy said. "Where to?"
and I just... gave
him your address.
I-I didn't even think about it.
Wow. Where's your luggage?
Damn it.
All right. So I'll call
the cab company.
W-Wait. We can call them later.
Can I just... you just
stand there for a moment?
( laughs nervously)
Boy. Y-You... There's an
old Russian expression.
Um. it goes...
Shtoa yazdeez vizshu: oi.
Um. roughly translated.
that means. um.
"This thing I'm
looking at: wow."
Thank you.
God. no. you should
see me when...
Oh. actually. no.
I look pretty good.
Are... A-Are you kidding?
You know when you don't
see someone for a long time.
and you kind of build
them up in your head.
and then you start thinking.
"Come on. don't be crazy.
Nobody's that beautiful."
But... well. you are.
Well. so. uh...
well. are you seeing anyone?
No.
I'm just... I'm the
worst person ever!
How can I not tell David
that I'm seeing Mike?!
Maybe he didn't
give you a chance.
He said. "Are you
seeing someone?"
And I said. "No."
Oh. well. that would've
been your window.
Yeah. I mean.
I don't know. I was looking...
I was looking in his eyes.
and I was just thinking
"Oh. my God. it's
David. David's here."
He's just. he's so irresistible.
Really?
The scientist guy?
Really? Chandler?
Continue.
Okay. then it gets worse.
'Cause then I told him
that I would see
him tomorrow night.
Phoebe!
I know! Evil!
And-and-and...
I like Mike so much. you know?
It's just going really well.
Oh. my God!
Wow. Isn't it ironic that
David would show up
on the same day that you
and Mike exchange keys?
Uh-huh.
Yeah. you know. and given
my lifelong search for irony.
you can imagine how happy I am.
What are you going to do?
I mean. I guess I just
have to... tell David
that nothing can
happen between us.
Unless I don't.
You know. complicated moral
situation... no right. no wrong.
You have to tell David.
Okay. I knew
I should've had this
conversation with Joey.
Funniest guy she's ever met.
I'm funny. right?
What do you know? You're a door.
You just like
"knock-knock" jokes.
Save it for inside.
Hey! Hey! Hey!
So. Oklahoma's a crazy place.
You know. they call
it the Sooner State.
Frankly. I'd sooner
be in any other state.
And what's with Oklahoma
having a panhandle?
Can all states
have stuff like that?
"Hey. yeah. I'm from the.
uh. waistband of Wyoming...
But. when I was seven. we
headed over to the crotch."
Was your cabin pressurized?
( chuckles)
And don't get me started
on the way the
people from Tulsa talk.
Okay.
What's with the word "y'all"?
You know. just. two words
just pushed together?
Are we all allowed to do that?
Because if so. I
say why stop there?
You know. your-your "new
poodle" could be your "noodle."
And "fried chicken."
could be "fricken."
Waiter! Waiter. excuse
me. "I'll have the fricken."
See. that's. that's funny
with the fricken. right?
No. it just reminded
me of something
this guy did today at work.
I-I told you about that
funny guy. Jeffrey. right?
Yeah. he came up.
Well. he did this bit...
You probably had to be there.
but it was. uh. Liza Minnelli
locked in our freezer.
eating a raw chicken.
Oh!
( laughing)
Were you there?
No. but it sounds like
it was fricken funny.
I really do understand
how hard it's got to be
to leave your child
with another person.
I mean... it's like leaving
behind a piece of your heart.
Sandy. that's
exactly what it is.
Are you gay?
Ross!
I'm sorry. That's our Ross.
He's just Mr. Shoots
Straight From The Hip.
( imitating gunfire)
It's okay. I get that
a lot doing what I do.
But I am straight.
I'm engaged. actually.
Her name's Delia.
Oh. that's pretty.
So you're-you're
just... like. a...
guy who's a nanny?
I realize how it's a bit
unorthodox for some people.
but I really believe
the most satisfying thing
you can do with your life
is take care of a child.
Okay.
Like. at my last job.
I met Daniel when he
was three weeks old.
and I got to watch him grow
into this awesome person.
When I left. I said.
"I'll see you soon."
And he said to me. "Skadandy..."
That was his name for me.
( laughs): Oh...
"I'll see you
every day. right in..."
( suppressed crying)
Oh...
Yeah. kids say
all kinds of crap.
( Emma crying)
Oh. God. she must
need her diaper changed.
Oh. oh. no. I can take
care of that if you want.
Oh. that would be great. Oh...
Okay.
Uh... just so you know.
these dinosaur toys aren't
really age appropriate.
They're mine.
Oh.
Also not age appropriate.
I love him. I love
him. I love him.
Oh. come...
He's a guy.
So what? He's
smart. he's qualified.
Give me one good reason
we shouldn't try him out.
Because it's weird.
Why?
Wa-uhhhh.
Wow! I never
looked at it that way.
Look. I mean. what kind of
job is that for a man? A nanny?
It's like if a woman
wanted to be...
Yes?
King?
I. uh. I hope you don't mind.
I used some of my
homemade lotion on Emma.
It's a mixture of calendula
and honey cream.
It'll dry that rash right up.
Plus. it keeps the hands young.
Yes! Sandy. you're hired!
That's great!
I'm sorry.
It's just such an
emotional thing
when you're welcomed
into a new family.
Oh. come on. come here.
You got to be at least bi.
Hey.
I need you to set
me up for a joke.
Later. when Monica's around.
I need you to ask
me about fire trucks.
Ooh. I don't know. Chandler.
I'm not so good with
remembering lines.
Well. thank God your
livelihood doesn't depend on it.
I know. right?
Why-Why-Why are we doing this?
Monica says that her maitre d'
is the funniest
guy she's ever met.
Seriously?
She actually said that? Yes.
Am I crazy to be this upset?
No. Being funny's your thing.
Yeah.
Without that. you've just got
"lame with women." Ye...
Hi.
There you are. Fire trucks!
( knocking)
Hi. Hi.
Um... Oh.
I-I brought you this from Minsk.
Um... You're not
going to believe this.
Uh. this is
lemon-flavored vodka.
Oh.
Yeah. we actually. um...
we-we have this here.
I traded four pairs
of Levi's for that.
Th-Thanks. anyway.
Wow. you-you look
even more beautiful
than you did yesterday.
Ooh. In fact. um.
I'm going to kiss you
now. Oh. wait. wait.
Yeah. I can't get
away with stuff like that.
It-It sounded sexy
in my head. so I...
No. no. it's not that. Here.
Um. remember when you asked
me if I was seeing someone.
and I said no?
Well. um. I am. His name's Mike.
Oh.
Oh. Yeah.
I should have told you.
No.
Well. yeah. Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I-I wanted to tell you. but.
you know. then I just got...
lost in your eyes and
I just forgot all about...
Mike?
Right. yes. Uh-huh.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Well. it's okay. It's okay.
I-I understand. Mm-hmm.
Well. are you
happy with this guy?
I am happy. Damn it.
I-I'm sorry. I don't mean that.
I want you to be happy.
But only with me.
No. That's not fair.
Uh. who cares? Leave him.
I don't mean that. Yes. I do.
I'm sorry. Um...
I-I think I... should
probably. uh. go.
Well...
But if. David. just... I
just want you to know
that-that. you
know... telling you this
is one of the hardest
things I've ever had to do.
Well. just so you know.
hearing it wasn't exactly
a Vladnik carnival either.
Can we at least hug good-bye?
Of course. yeah.
You know. a kiss on the cheek
wouldn't be totally
inappropriate.
No. no. I mean...
In Minsk... Yeah?
It's. um. it's two on
each cheek... Mm-hmm.
And. uh. and one on the lips.
Well. if that's what
they do in Minsk...
In New York. it's...
( crying)
Oh. boy.
Hi.
Is everything all right?
Oh. yeah. it's fine. it's fine.
Sandy was just...
was just telling me
about how he
proposed to his fiancée.
and it was so beautiful.
Well. her favorite
flower's the camellia.
From the poem...
I can't... I can't
hear it again.
You know. I can't tell it again.
And I'm fine never
having heard it.
Rach. can I... can I
see you for a sec?
Yeah. Excuse me.
( Rachel sighs)
Do you realize
that man has cried in
our apartment three times.
Huh? I haven't cried that
many times since I moved in.
Oh...
Come on. Ross.
you got a little misty
when Ben broke your
"I 'heart' Fossils" mug.
I'll have you know
that was a farewell gift
from my colleagues
at the museum.
Okay. they all
chipped in for that.
Well. they must have
all loved you very much.
Look. Ross. he's just...
Sandy's just
sensitive. that's all.
Okay. okay. See?
That-That is the problem.
He is too sensitive.
Too sensitive to take
care of our baby? Yeah.
I mean. all I'm
saying is. that...
These are amazing.
Sandy made madeleines.
This-this is exactly
what I'm talking about.
What kind of a
guy makes-makes...
delicate French cookies? Huh?
They're not even butch.
manly cookies with...
you know. with-
with-with chunks.
Well. you know. I-I
don't know what to say.
I mean. I never thought of you
as a guy who needed
his men to be men.
You know? 'Cause I
got to tell you. Ross.
it's not like you just came
in from branding cattle.
Hey. there's sensitive
and there's too sensitive.
Okay. what? What
is too sensitive?
( recorder playing
"Greensleeves")
Mmm. no. I can't.
I can't do this.
It's bad.
But it's nice.
And n... nice is good. Mm-hmm.
And good is not bad.
Ergo... we should keep kissing.
No. no. no.
But...
ergo.
Look. David. if
you had never left
then. yeah. we'd probably
still be together right now
but... but you did leave.
and I'm-I'm with Mike.
and I really care about him.
Okay.
Well... he's very lucky.
Thank you.
Um. good-bye. Uh...
Shtoa yazdeez vizshu: oi.
Well. hey. the key works.
Hi. Mike!
You... thanks for
the face massage.
Thank you.
Did Rachel tell you
we hired a male nanny?
Yeah.
I think that's
great. Oh. really?
Did she tell you he
plays the recorder.
recites poetry and
bakes madeleines?
Oh. How are they?
Lighter than air. but
that's not the point.
Hey.
Rachel and I hired a male nanny.
Really? Guys do that?
That's... weird.
Thank you.
Yeah. that's like a
woman wanting to be a...
A what? A what? What's
the end of that sentence?
Yes. What is the
end of that sentence?
Uh...
a penis model.
Anyway. hey. did
you tell Chandler
that some guy from work is
the funniest guy you ever met?
Yeah. So?
Wow.
Really? Do you
not know Chandler?
Is that why he's
acting so weird?
He's jealous?
My God. that is crazy.
It's not like I'm
attracted to Jeffrey.
So what?
Being funny is Chandler's thing.
You know? Like Ross' thing is...
Science?
Academia?
Being a good father?
No...
I can't believe he's
that upset about this.
Are you kidding?
That's like Chandler saying
he met someone who
is more uptight than you.
Excuse me?
I'm sorry. Sorry... More
controlling than you.
Well. that's better.
Yeah. okay.
Look. Monica. you're
going to have to do
some damage control
here. 'cause he's feeling...
Hey. Hey. hey.
What are you guys talking about?
Uh... Rachel and I.
uh. hired a male nanny.
You got a man who's a nanny?
You got a manny?
( hysterical laughter)
You know. I don't
mind a male nanny.
but I do draw the
line at male wet nurse.
( gasping and guffawing)
Oh... oh... you are
on a roll. mister!
If I had known you
guys were coming over.
I would have brought more pizza.
( hysterical laughter)
Okay! Okay! Stop
it. you! You stop it!
( gasping)
What is so funny about that?
( long. drawn-out laugh)
Monica?
I don't know. It's...
Well. just the way you say it.
I mean. you're funny.
You got that funny
thing. You're a funny guy.
Did you tell her what
we talked about?
( laughing hysterically)
Yeah.
So those were pity laughs?
Pity laughs?!
Honey...
listen.
You have nothing to
worry about with Jeffrey.
Oh. yeah? Is he funnier than me?
Well. you're-you're
different funny.
I mean. you're more sarcastic
and-and... well. he does bits
and impressions and limericks.
I-I do limericks.
Uh. here once was a
man named Chandler.
whose wife made him die inside.
Honey. you know I
think you're hilarious.
Come on. you know that
joke you told me last week?
The one about Jerry Lewis
and the girl with the lazy eye.
Slayed me.
Hey...
I made up that joke
and told it to you.
Not knowing when to shut up.
Yep. that's my thing. Yeah.
So...
how many guys have your key?
No. no. no. no.
It's not... it's not...
it's not as bad
as it looks. really.
I was just... I was saying
good-bye to an old friend.
Your lipstick's on his mouth.
Oh. uh... we just. uh. happen
to wear the same shade.
No. um... David and
I did used to go out.
But years ago. and
he lives in Minsk.
He's only... he's only in
town for a couple of days.
Did you. uh... No. no.
Kiss him?
Oh. well. yeah.
Yes. but look:
She... She really likes you.
In fact. she stopped what
was a pretty amazing kiss...
David. David. David. David...
No. No-no.
He should hear this.
I don't think you realize
just how lucky you are. fella.
Don't point your finger at me.
Why? Wh-What are
you going to do about it?
Well... I'll just show you
what I'm going to do about it.
You want some of
that. huh? Oh. really?
Well. shall we
fight? I can... okay.
Stop it! Stop it before
someone gets really hurt.
Here. David. you should just go.
All right.
But... if I ever do
come back from Minsk.
well. you'd just
better watch out.
Well. if I ever go to Minsk.
you'd better watch out.
Oh. you're going to Minsk?
Well. I might.
Really?
Well. if you do.
come in the spring.
It's just lovely then.
I've heard that. actually.
Okay. well. guys...
Well... good-bye. Phoebe.
Bye.
Hey. what. are you kidding me?
Right-o. right-o.
Um...
Take good care of her.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
If you want your key
back. I totally understand.
It's never going to
happen again. right?
Right. Never. Never. I swear.
Uh... oh. I just want
to say. if you. uh...
if you do ever come to
Minsk. that's my number.
Um... we'll. uh... we'll
party up Vladnik-style.
( recorders playing
"Hot Cross Buns")
Yeah. all right.
Hey. hey. Ross. check it out.
Sandy taught me
"Hot Cross Buns."
Really?
Sounded like "Three Blind Mice."
No. "Three Blind
Mice" goes like this.
I swear to God...
Who's up for puppets?
Me. I'm up for puppets.
Well. please welcome
the Snufflebumps.
Who wants to be Mr. Wigglemunch.
and who's going
to be the Grumpus?
ROSS: Okay. okay...
how exactly is a two-month-old
supposed to appreciate puppets?
Actually. studies have shown
that the movement and colors
help their cerebral development.
The whimsical
characters are just for us.
I want to be Mr. Wigglemunch.
Oh. my God.
Well. I guess we know who's
going to be the Grumpus.
( laughing)
That was kind of rude.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Please apologize to Sandy
and the Snufflebumps for me.
You know. he was
just doing his job.
You know what?
I'm... I'm sorry
I'm the only one
who isn't in love with
"Gary Poppins" out there...
But I-I-I just... I can't. I
can't go through with this.
Come on. Ross. No.
Hey. you know what?
I'm sorry. I would
never force you
to hire someone you were
this uncomfortable with.
( sighs)
Oh. that's true.
Thank you.
Well. you're the one
who wants to fire him.
so you're going
to have to go do it.
( chuckles)
So. you see. Wigglemunch.
that's why it's
important to share.
I am learning so much from you.
Well. I'm off to Tulsa.
so. if your maitre d' friend
has any funny Oklahoma jokes.
tell him to e-mail me at
www.hahanotsomuch.com.
Honey. you can relax.
Last night. at work. Jeffrey
told this really sexist joke.
After that. not so
funny anymore.
Really? Mm-hmm.
See? That's the thing.
You got to keep
it smart. people.
Okay... don't miss that flight.
You know I love you.
I love you. too.
And I like you as a friend.
Right.
See you later.
See ya.
Did that guy really
make that joke?
No. He still kills me.
Last night. he had
me laughing so hard
I swear a little pee came out.
Here it goes.
I can't watch.
It's like firing Elmo.
Sandy. hi.
Hi.
We. uh... we kind
of need to talk.
I'm afraid it's...
it's not working out.
Oh... Yeah. um...
I mean. Rachel and I think
you are great with Emma.
Um... we just feel...
RACHEL: You. You feel.
I...
just feel that the...
the chemistry isn't right.
I'm-I'm sorry.
We're... We're more than happy
to give you a good
recommendation. and...
No. no. that's okay.
I've... had a lot of
offers from other families.
I... just picked you guys
'cause I liked you the best.
RACHEL: Oh. damn you. Geller.
Anyway. uh. well. I'm glad
there's no hard feelings.
No. none at all.
You need to be happy
with whoever's in your home.
Although. if you
don't mind telling me...
Hmm?
What was your problem?
Maybe it's something I
can work on in the future.
No... you know. it's-it's.
uh. nothing you did.
It's... it's. uh...
it's my issue.
What is it?
( chuckles uncomfortably)
Please?
You know. I'm just not. um...
that comfortable with a guy
who's as sensitive as you.
( sighs)
That's fair.
Although. can I ask...
Why do you think that is?
Why? I-I don't know.
Um... uh...
maybe... maybe
because of my father?
Mmm.
I mean. um. you know.
when I was growing up.
he was kind of a tough guy.
And. as a kid. I wasn't
the athlete I am now.
( Rachel guffaws)
I play squash!
Anyway... I. um...
I always got the feeling he
thought I was too sensitive.
That must have been hard.
It was hard.
No. I remember I
was in my bedroom
playing with my dinosaurs...
Playing and learning...
And my father
walks in and says...
he says. "What are you
doing with those things?
"What's wrong with you?
"Why aren't you...
Why aren't you outside
playing like a... like a real boy?"
But you are a real boy.
( crying): I know I am.
And when it's
summer and it's hot
why can't you wear a tank top?
It's all right.
Listen. crying is good.
It lets the boo-hoos out.
Here comes some more.
Emma. one day you're going
to grow up and be a big girl
just like your daddy.
And what's the one kind of boat
that can never ever sink?
What kind?
A friendship.
Wow. You blow my mind.
Oh. I got to go.
Oh... how much do I owe you?
20 bucks.
Oh. it's like the
cheapest college ever.
Yeah. I'll see ya tomorrow.
Okay. bye-bye. Skadandy.